[DOCS] Some addition clarification on 'queue_all_runs' (#265)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/workspace.html.markdown

* `operations` - **Deprecated** Whether to use remote execution mode. When set to `false`, the workspace will 
  be used for state storage only. Defaults to `true`. This value _must not_ be provided if `execution_mode` is 
  provided.

> * `queue_all_runs` - (Optional) Whether all runs should be queued. When set to `false`, runs triggered by a webhook
>   (such as a commit in VCS) will not be queued until at least one run is manually queued. Although the Terraform Cloud API
>   defaults to `false` as a feature (allowing other settings to be changed before accepting webhooks), this provider
>   defaults the value to `true` as any workspace provisioned with `false` would need to then have a run manually queued out-of-band
>   before accepting webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `queue_all_runs` - (Optional) Whether the workspace should start automatically performing
  runs immediately after its creation. When set to `false`, runs triggered by a webhook
  (such as a commit in VCS) will not be queued until at least one run has been manually
  queued. Defaults to `true`. **Note:** In the Terraform Cloud API, this defaults to `false`
  instead, since setting variables or other settings might require additional imperative steps.
```
